Document VDiff v1 deprecation in v18 and planned removal in v19 (#1595)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/17.0/reference/vreplication/vdiffv1.md

weight: 40
---

{{< warning >}}

> This is the legacy v1 VDiff command — it is deprecated in Vitess 18.0 and will be **removed** in 19.0. Please migrate all of your VDiff usage to the new [VDiff](../vdiff/) command ASAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the legacy v1 VDiff command — it is deprecated in Vitess 18.0 and will be **removed** in 19.0. Please migrate all of your VDiff usage to the new [VDiff](../vdiff/) command before upgrading.
```

TIOLI (goal of reword: more concrete timeframe)
